Assignment0 (#6)
LaunchCodeEducation/data-analysis-curriculum: content/assignments/assignment0/submission/_index.md

+++
title = "Task 3: Verify and Submit"
date = 2023-05-25T12:55:09-05:00
draft = false
weight = 1
+++

## Submitting your work

> Once you are done with your assignment and have verified that you have the correct outcomes, navigate to the Canvas assignment and paste the link to your google sheet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you are done with your assignment and have verified that you have the correct outcomes, navigate to the Canvas assignment and paste the link to your Google Sheet!
```

### Proper Sharing Options

> When sharing a google sheet you want to ensure you provide the correct sharing permissions. For this assignment you want to only allow individuals with the link to be able to view the sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sharing a Google Sheet, you want to ensure you provide the correct sharing permissions. For this assignment, you want to only allow individuals with the link to be able to *view* the sheet.
```

> 1. Click on the "Share" button in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click on the *Share* button in the top right corner.
```

> 1. Under "General Access" click it may still be "Restricted" access, meaning the only people that have been directly added can view the google sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under "General Access", it may still be "Restricted" access, meaning only people who have been directly added can view the Google Sheet.
```

>     1. Click on the "Restricted" button and select "Anyone with the link"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Click on the *Restricted* button and select "Anyone with the link".
```

>     1. To the right of "Anyone with the link", make sure the "Viewer" option is selected. This ensures that no one can edit or make changes to your sheet, even if they have access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. To the right, make sure the "Viewer" option is selected. This ensures that no one can edit or make changes to your sheet, even if they have access.
```

> 1. Click the "Copy link" button and submit it within Canvas!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the *Copy link* button and paste the link within the submission box on the assignment page within Canvas!
```

> If you have completed the above steps your sharing options should look similar to the image below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have completed the above steps, your sharing options should look similar to the image below:
```

> ![Image of correct sharing options for a google sheet assignment](pictures/share-options.png?classes=border)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Correct sharing options for a google sheet assignment](pictures/share-options.png?classes=border)
```
